			           CSS Assignment

1.Explain the basic rules of css specificity
a. Equal specificity: the latest rule counts - If the same rule is written twice into the external style sheet,
 then the lower rule in the style sheet is closer to the element to be styled, and therefore will be applied.

b. ID selectors have a higher specificity than attribute selectors 

c. Contextual selectors are more specific than a single element selector

d. A class selector beats any number of element selectors

e. The universal selector and inherited values have a specificity of 0 - *, body * and similar have a zero specificity. 
   Inherited values also have a specificity of 0.

2. Explain the three main ways to apply CSS styles to a web page.

a. Inline styles: An inline style may be used to apply a unique style for a single element.
To use inline styles, add the style attribute to the relevant element. The style attribute can contain any CSS property.
 
b. Internal styles: An internal style sheet may be used if one single HTML page has a unique style.
The internal style is defined inside the <style> element, inside the head section.

c. External styles:  With an external style sheet, you can change the look of an entire website by changing just one file!
Each HTML page must include a reference to the external style sheet file inside the <link> element, inside the head section.

3. Explain the three main ways to target elements

 a. Type selector: Selecting an element by its HTML tag is the most obvious way. Including parent elements in the selector increases specificity.

 b. ID selector: The id selector uses the id attribute of an HTML element to select a specific element. The id of an element is unique within a page, so the id selector is used to select one unique element!
   To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.

 c. Class selector: The class selector selects HTML elements with a specific class attribute. To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the class name.

